BUMO JAVA SDK
=============

Overview
--------

This document details the common interfaces of the Bumo Java SDK, making
it easier for developers to operate and query the BU blockchain. ##
Terminology

This section gives details about the terms used in this document.

**Operate the BU Blockchain**

Operate the BU Blockchain refers to writing data to or modifying data in
the BU blockchain.

**Submit Transactions**

Submit Transactions refers to sending a request to write data to or
modify data in the BU blockchain.

**Query the BU Blockchain**

Query the BU Blockchain refers to querying data in the BU blockchain.

**Account Services**

Account Services provide account validity checking and query interfaces.

**Asset Services**

Asset Services provide an asset-related query interface that follows the
ATP 1.0 protocol.

**Ctp10Token Services**

Ctp10Token Services provide a validity check and query interfaces
related to contract assets, which follows the CTP 1.0 protocol.

**Contract Services**

Contract Services provide a contract-related validity checking and query
interfaces.

**Transaction Services**

Transaction Services provide a build transaction Blob interface, a
signature interface, a query and a submit transaction interface.

**Block Services**

Block Services provide an interface to query the block.

**Account Nonce Value**

Account Nonce Value is used to identify the order in which the
transaction is executed when the user submits the transaction.

Format of Request Parameters and Response Data
----------------------------------------------

This section details the format of the request parameters and response
data.

Request Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The class name of the request parameter of the interface is composed of
**Service Name+Method Name+Request**. For example, the request parameter
format of the getInfo interface in Account Services is
AccountGetInfoRequest.

The member of the request parameter is the member of the input parameter
of each interface. For example, if the input parameter of the getInfo
interface in Account Services is ``address``, the complete structure of
the request parameters of the interface is as follows:

::

   Class AccountGetInfoRequest {
   String address;
   }

Response Data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The class name of the response data of the interface is composed of
**Service Name+Method Name+Response**. For example, the response data
format of the getNonce interface in Account Services is
AccountGetNonceResponse.

The members of the response data include error codes, error
descriptions, and return results. For example, the members of the
response data of the getInfo interface in Assets Services are as
follows:

::

   Class AccountGetNonceResponse {
   Integer errorCode;
   String errorDesc;
   AccountGetNonceResult result;
   }

**Note**\ ： \* errorCode: error code. 0 means no error, greater than 0
means there is an error \* errorDesc: error description \* result:
returns the result. A structure whose class name is **Service
Name+Method Name+Result**, whose members are members of the return value
of each interface. For example, the result class name of the getNonce
interface in Account Services is AccountGetNonceResult, and the member
has a nonce. The complete structure is as follows:

::

   Class AccountGetNonceResult {
   Long nonce;
   }

Usage
-----

This section describes the process of using the SDK. First you need to
generate the SDK implementation and then call the interface of the
corresponding service. Services include account services, asset
services, Ctp1.0Token services, contract services, transaction services,
and block services. Interfaces are classified into public-private key
address interfaces, validity check interfaces, query interfaces, and
broadcast transaction-related interfaces.

Generating SDK Instances
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The SDK instance is generated by calling the getInstance interface of
the SDK. The specific call is as follows:

::

   String url = "http://seed1.bumotest.io";
   SDK sdk = SDK.getInstance(url);

Generating Public-Private Keys and Addresses
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The public-private key address interface is used to generate the public
key, private key, and address for the account on the BU blockchain. This
can be achieved by directly calling the ``Keypair.generator`` interface.
The specific call is as follows:

::

   Keypair keypair = Keypair.generator();
   System.out.println(keypair.getPrivateKey());
   System.out.println(keypair.getPublicKey());
   System.out.println(keypair.getAddress());

Checking Validity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The validity check interface is used to verify the validity of the
information, and the information validity check can be achieved by
directly invoking the corresponding interface. For example, to verify
the validity of the account address, the specific call is as follows:

::

   //
   Initialize request parameters
   String address = "buQemmMwmRQY1JkcU7w3nhruoX5N3j6C29uo";
   AccountCheckValidRequest request = new AccountCheckValidRequest();
   request.setAddress(address);

   // Call the checkValid interface
   AccountCheckValidResponse response =
   sdk.getAccountService().checkValid(request);
   if(0 == response.getErrorCode()) {
   System.out.println(response.getResult().isValid());
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

Querying
~~~~~~~~

The query interface is used to query data on the BU blockchain, and data
query can be implemented by directly invoking the corresponding
interface. For example, to query the account information, the specific
call is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   String accountAddress = "buQemmMwmRQY1JkcU7w3nhruo%X5N3j6C29uo";
   AccountGetInfoRequest request = new AccountGetInfoRequest();
   request.setAddress(accountAddress);

   // Call the getInfo interface
   AccountGetInfoResponse response = sdk.getAccountService().getInfo(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   AccountGetInfoResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result,true));
   }
   else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

Broadcasting Transactions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Broadcasting transactions refers to the initiation of a transaction by
means of broadcasting. The broadcast transaction consists of the
following steps: 1. Obtaining the Nonce Value of the Account Initiating
the Transaction 2. Building Operations 3. Serializing Transactions 4.
Signing Transactions 5. Commiting Transactions

Obtaining the Nonce Value of the Account Initiating the Transaction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The developer can maintain the nonce value of each account, and
automatically increments by 1 for the nounce value after submitting a
transaction, so that multiple transactions can be sent in a short time;
otherwise, the nonce value of the account must be added 1 after the
execution of the previous transaction is completed. The specific
interface call is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   String senderAddress = "buQnnUEBREw2hB6pWHGPzwanX7d28xk6KVcp";
   AccountGetNonceRequest getNonceRequest = new AccountGetNonceRequest();
   getNonceRequest.setAddress(senderAddress);

   // Call the getNonce interface
   AccountGetNonceResponse getNonceResponse = sdk.getAccountService().getNonce(getNonceRequest);

   // Assign nonce value
   if (getNonceResponse.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   AccountGetNonceResult result = getNonceResponse.getResult();
   System.out.println("nonce: " + result.getNonce());
   }
   else {
   System.out.println("error" + getNonceResponse.getErrorDesc());
   }

Building Operations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The operations refer to some of the actions that are done in the
transaction to facilitate serialization of transactions and evaluation
of fees. For example, to build an operation to send BU
(BUSendOperation), the specific interface call is as follows:

::

   String senderAddress = "buQnnUEBREw2hB6pWHGPzwanX7d28xk6KVcp";
   String destAddress = "buQsurH1M4rjLkfjzkxR9KXJ6jSu2r9xBNEw";
   Long buAmount = ToBaseUnit.BU2MO("10.9");

   BUSendOperation operation = new BUSendOperation();
   operation.setSourceAddress(senderAddress);
   operation.setDestAddress(destAddress);
   operation.setAmount(buAmount);

Serializing Transactions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The transaction serialization interface is used to serialize
transactions and generate transaction blob strings for network
transmission. The nonce value and operation are obtained from the
interface called, and the specific interface call is as follows:

::

   // Initialize variables
   String senderAddress = "buQnnUEBREw2hB6pWHGPzwanX7d28xk6KVcp";
   Long gasPrice = 1000L;
   Long feeLimit = ToBaseUnit.BU2MO("0.01");

   // Initialize request parameters
   TransactionBuildBlobRequest buildBlobRequest = new TransactionBuildBlobRequest();
   buildBlobRequest.setSourceAddress(senderAddress);
   buildBlobRequest.setNonce(nonce + 1);
   buildBlobRequest.setFeeLimit(feeLimit);
   buildBlobRequest.setGasPrice(gasPrice);
   buildBlobRequest.addOperation(operation);

   // Call the buildBlob interface
   TransactionBuildBlobResponse buildBlobResponse = sdk.getTransactionService().buildBlob(buildBlobRequest);
   if (buildBlobResponse.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   TransactionBuildBlobResult result = buildBlobResponse.getResult();
   System.out.println("txHash: " + result.getHash() + ", blob: " + result.getTransactionBlob());
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + buildBlobResponse.getErrorDesc());
   }

Signing Transactions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The signature transaction interface is used by the transaction initiator
to sign the transaction using the private key of the account. The
transactionBlob is obtained from the interface called. The specific
interface call is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   String senderPrivateKey = "privbyQCRp7DLqKtRFCqKQJr81TurTqG6UKXMMtGAmPG3abcM9XHjWvq";
   String []signerPrivateKeyArr = {senderPrivateKey};
   TransactionSignRequest signRequest = new TransactionSignRequest();
   signRequest.setBlob(transactionBlob);
   for (int i = 0; i < signerPrivateKeyArr.length; i++) {
   signRequest.addPrivateKey(signerPrivateKeyArr[i]);
   }

   // Call the sign interface
   TransactionSignResponse signResponse = sdk.getTransactionService().sign(signRequest);
   if (signResponse.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   TransactionSignResult result = signResponse.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + signResponse.getErrorDesc());
   }

Submitting Transactions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The submit interface is used to send a transaction request to the BU
blockchain, triggering the execution of the transaction. transactionBlob
and signResult are obtained from the interfaces called. The specific
interface call is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   TransactionSubmitRequest submitRequest = new TransactionSubmitRequest();
   submitRequest.setTransactionBlob(transactionBlob);
   submitRequest.setSignatures(signResult.getSignatures());

   // Call the submit interface
   TransactionSubmitResponse response = sdk.getTransactionService().submit(submitRequest);
   if (0 == response.getErrorCode()) {
   System.out.println("Broadcast transactions successfully，hash=" + response.getResult().getHash());
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

Account Services
----------------

Account Services provide account-related interfaces, which include six
interfaces: checkValid, getInfo, getNonce, getBalance, getAssets and
getMetadata.

checkValid
~~~~~~~~~~

The checkValid interface is used to check the validity of the account
address on the blockchain.

The method call is as follows:

::

   AccounCheckValidResponse checkValid(AccountCheckValidRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter         | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| address           | String              | Required, the account      |
|                   |                     | address to be checked on   |
|                   |                     | the blockchain             |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+------------------------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description                        |
+===========+========+====================================+
| isValid   | String | Whether the response data is valid |
+-----------+--------+------------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+--------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception          | Error Code | Description                      |
+====================+============+==================================+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+--------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR       | 20000      | System error                     |
+--------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   String address = "buQemmMwmRQY1JkcU7w3nhruoX5N3j6C29uo";
   AccountCheckValidRequest request = new AccountCheckValidRequest();
   request.setAddress(address);

   // Call the checkValid interface
   AccountCheckValidResponse response = sdk.getAccountService().checkValid(request);
   if(0 == response.getErrorCode()) {
   System.out.println(response.getResult().isValid());
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getInfo
~~~~~~~

The getInfo interface is used to obtain the specified account
information.

The method call is as follows:

::

   AccountGetInfoResponse GetInfo(AccountGetInfoRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter         | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| address           | String              | Required, the account      |
|                   |                     | address to be queried on   |
|                   |                     | the blockchain             |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+----------------+-----------------------+-----------------------------+
| Parameter      | Type                  | Description                 |
+================+=======================+=============================+
| address        | String                | Account address             |
+----------------+-----------------------+-----------------------------+
| balance        | Long                  | Account balance, unit is    |
|                |                       | MO, 1 BU = 10^8 MO, the     |
|                |                       | account balance must be > 0 |
+----------------+-----------------------+-----------------------------+
| nonce          | Long                  | Account transaction serial  |
|                |                       | number must be greater than |
|                |                       | 0                           |
+----------------+-----------------------+-----------------------------+
| priv           | `Priv <#priv>`__      | Account privilege           |
+----------------+-----------------------+-----------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception             | Error Code | Description                      |
+=======================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_ADDRESS_ERROR | 11006      | Invalid address                  |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR    | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR  | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR          | 20000      | System error                     |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters

   String accountAddress = "buQemmMwmRQY1JkcU7w3nhruoX5N3j6C29uo";
   AccountGetInfoRequest request = new AccountGetInfoRequest();
   request.setAddress(accountAddress);

   // Call the getInfo interface
   AccountGetInfoResponse response = sdk.getAccountService().getInfo(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   AccountGetInfoResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println("Account info: \n" + JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

Priv
^^^^

The specific information of Priv is shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Member            | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| masterWeight      | Long                | Account weight, size       |
|                   |                     | limit[0,                   |
|                   |                     | (Integer.MAX_VALUE \* 2L + |
|                   |                     | 1)]                        |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| signers           | `Signer <#signer>`_ | Signer weight list         |
|                   | _\ []               |                            |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| threshold         | `Threshold <#thresh | Threshold                  |
|                   | old>`__             |                            |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

Signer
^^^^^^

The specific information of Signer is shown in the following table:

+---------+--------+-------------------------------------------------------------+
| Member  | Type   | Description                                                 |
+=========+========+=============================================================+
| address | String | The account address of the signer on the blockchain         |
+---------+--------+-------------------------------------------------------------+
| weight  | Long   | Signer weight, size limit[0, (Integer.MAX_VALUE \* 2L + 1)] |
+---------+--------+-------------------------------------------------------------+

Threshold
^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of Signer is shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Member            | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| txThreshold       | Long                | Transaction default        |
|                   |                     | threshold, size limit[0,   |
|                   |                     | Long.MAX_VALUE]            |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| typeThresholds    | `TypeThreshold <#ty | Thresholds for different   |
|                   | pethreshold>`__\ [] | types of transactions      |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

TypeThreshold
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of Signer is shown in the following table:

+-----------+------+-------------------------------------------+
| Member    | Type | Description                               |
+===========+======+===========================================+
| type      | Long | The operation type must be greater than 0 |
+-----------+------+-------------------------------------------+
| threshold | Long | Threshold, size limit[0, Long.MAX_VALUE]  |
+-----------+------+-------------------------------------------+

getNonce
~~~~~~~~

The getNonce interface is used to obtain the nonce value of the
specified account.

The method call is as follows:

::

   AccountGetNonceResponse getNonce(AccountGetNonceRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter         | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| address           | String              | Required, the account      |
|                   |                     | address to be queried on   |
|                   |                     | the blockchain             |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+------+-----------------------------------+
| Parameter | Type | Description                       |
+===========+======+===================================+
| nonce     | Long | Account transaction serial number |
+-----------+------+-----------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception             | Error Code | Description                      |
+=======================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_ADDRESS_ERROR | 11006      | Invalid address                  |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR    | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR  | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR          | 20000      | System error                     |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters

   String accountAddress = "buQswSaKDACkrFsnP1wcVsLAUzXQsemauEjf";
   AccountGetNonceRequest request = new AccountGetNonceRequest();
   request.setAddress(accountAddress);

   // Call the getNonce interface
   AccountGetNonceResponse response = sdk.getAccountService().getNonce(request);
   if(0 == response.getErrorCode()){
   System.out.println("Account nonce:" + response.getResult().getNonce());
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getBalance
~~~~~~~~~~

The getBalance interface is used to obtain the BU balance of the
specified account.

The method call is as follows:

::

   AccountGetBalanceResponse getBalance(AccountGetBalanceRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter         | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| address           | String              | Required, the account      |
|                   |                     | address to be queried on   |
|                   |                     | the blockchain             |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+------+-------------------------------------+
| Parameter | Type | Description                         |
+===========+======+=====================================+
| balance   | Long | BU balance, unit MO, 1 BU = 10^8 MO |
+-----------+------+-------------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception             | Error Code | Description                      |
+=======================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_ADDRESS_ERROR | 11006      | Invalid address                  |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR    | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR  | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR          | 20000      | System error                     |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters

   String accountAddress = "buQswSaKDACkrFsnP1wcVsLAUzXQsemauEjf";
   AccountGetBalanceRequest request = new AccountGetBalanceRequest();
   request.setAddress(accountAddress);

   // Call the getBalance interface
   AccountGetBalanceResponse response = sdk.getAccountService().getBalance(request);
   if(0 == response.getErrorCode()){
   AccountGetBalanceResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println("BU balance：" + ToBaseUnit.MO2BU(result.getBalance().toString()) + " BU");
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getAssets
~~~~~~~~~

The getAssets interface is used to get all the asset information of the
specified account.

The method call is as follows:

::

   AccountGetAssets getAssets(AccountGetAssetsRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+---------------------------------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description                                 |
+===========+========+=============================================+
| address   | String | Required, the account address to be queried |
+-----------+--------+---------------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------------------------------+---------------+
| Parameter | Type                           | Description   |
+===========+================================+===============+
| asset     | `AssetInfo <#assetinfo>`__\ [] | Account asset |
+-----------+--------------------------------+---------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+------------+-------------------------------------+
| Exception             | Error Code | Description                         |
+=======================+============+=====================================+
| INVALID_ADDRESS_ERROR | 11006      | Invalid address                     |
+-----------------------+------------+-------------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR    | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null    |
+-----------------------+------------+-------------------------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR  | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network    |
+-----------------------+------------+-------------------------------------+
| NO_ASSET_ERROR        | 11009      | The account does not have the asset |
+-----------------------+------------+-------------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR          | 20000      | System error                        |
+-----------------------+------------+-------------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   AccountGetAssetsRequest request = new AccountGetAssetsRequest();
   request.setAddress("buQsurH1M4rjLkfjzkxR9KXJ6jSu2r9xBNEw");

   // Call the getAssets interface
   AccountGetAssetsResponse response = sdk.getAccountService().getAssets(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   AccountGetAssetsResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

AssetInfo
^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of AssetInfo is shown in the following table:

+-------------+----------------+-----------------------------+
| Member      | Type           | Description                 |
+=============+================+=============================+
| key         | `Key <#key>`__ | Unique identifier for asset |
+-------------+----------------+-----------------------------+
| assetAmount | Long           | Amount of assets            |
+-------------+----------------+-----------------------------+

Key
^^^

The specific information of Key is shown in the following table:

+--------+--------+----------------------------------------+
| Member | Type   | Description                            |
+========+========+========================================+
| code   | String | Asset code                             |
+--------+--------+----------------------------------------+
| issuer | String | The account address for issuing assets |
+--------+--------+----------------------------------------+

getMetadata
~~~~~~~~~~~

The getMetadata interface is used to obtain the metadata information of
the specified account.

The method call is as follows:

::

   AccountGetMetadataResponse getMetadata(AccountGetMetadataRequest);

The request parameters are shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+----------------------------------------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description                                        |
+===========+========+====================================================+
| address   | String | Required, the account address to be queried        |
+-----------+--------+----------------------------------------------------+
| key       | String | Optional, metadata keyword, length limit [1, 1024] |
+-----------+--------+----------------------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+----------------------------------+-------------+
| Parameter | Type                             | Description |
+===========+==================================+=============+
| metadata  | `MetadataInfo <#metadatainfo>`__ | Account     |
+-----------+----------------------------------+-------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Exception             | Error Code            | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| INVALID_ADDRESS_ERROR | 11006                 | Invalid address       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR    | 12001                 | Request parameter     |
|                       |                       | cannot be null        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR  | 11007                 | Failed to connect to  |
|                       |                       | the network           |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| NO_METADATA_ERROR     | 11010                 | The account does not  |
|                       |                       | have the metadata     |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_DATAKEY_ERROR | 11011                 | The length of key     |
|                       |                       | must be between 1 and |
|                       |                       | 1024                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR          | 20000                 | System error          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   String accountAddress = "buQsurH1M4rjLkfjzkxR9KXJ6jSu2r9xBNEw";
   AccountGetMetadataRequest request = new AccountGetMetadataRequest();
   request.setAddress(accountAddress);
   request.setKey("20180704");

   // Call the getMetadata interface
   AccountGetMetadataResponse response = sdk.getAccountService().getMetadata(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   AccountGetMetadataResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

MetadataInfo
^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of MetadataInfo is shown in the following
table:

+---------+--------+------------------+
| Member  | Type   | Description      |
+=========+========+==================+
| key     | String | Metadata keyword |
+---------+--------+------------------+
| value   | String | Metadata content |
+---------+--------+------------------+
| version | Long   | Metadata version |
+---------+--------+------------------+

Asset Services
--------------

Asset Services follow the ATP 1.0 protocol, and Account Services provide
an asset-related interface. Currently there is one interface: getInfo.

.. _getinfo-1:

getInfo
~~~~~~~

The getInfo interface is used to obtain the specified asset information
of the specified account.

The method call is as follows:

::

   AssetGetInfoResponse getInfo(AssetGetInfoRequest);

The request parameters are shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+--------------------------------------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description                                      |
+===========+========+==================================================+
| address   | String | Required, the account address to be queried      |
+-----------+--------+--------------------------------------------------+
| code      | String | Required, asset code, length limit [1, 64]       |
+-----------+--------+--------------------------------------------------+
| issuer    | String | Required, the account address for issuing assets |
+-----------+--------+--------------------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------------------------------+---------------+
| Parameter | Type                           | Description   |
+===========+================================+===============+
| asset     | `AssetInfo <#assetinfo>`__\ [] | Account asset |
+-----------+--------------------------------+---------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| Exception               | Error Code              | Description      |
+=========================+=========================+==================+
| INVALID_ADDRESS_ERROR   | 11006                   | Invalid address  |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR      | 12001                   | Request          |
|                         |                         | parameter cannot |
|                         |                         | be null          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR    | 11007                   | Failed to        |
|                         |                         | connect to the   |
|                         |                         | network          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_ASSET_CODE_ERRO | 11023                   | The length of    |
| R                       |                         | asset code must  |
|                         |                         | be between 1 and |
|                         |                         | 64               |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_ISSUER_ADDRESS_ | 11027                   | Invalid issuer   |
| ERROR                   |                         | address          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR            | 20000                   | System error     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters

   AssetGetInfoRequest request = new AssetGetInfoRequest();
   request.setAddress("buQsurH1M4rjLkfjzkxR9KXJ6jSu2r9xBNEw");
   request.setIssuer("buQBjJD1BSJ7nzAbzdTenAhpFjmxRVEEtmxH");
   request.setCode("HNC");

   // Call the getInfo interface
   AssetGetInfoResponse response = sdk.getAssetService().getInfo(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   AssetGetInfoResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

Ctp10Token Services
-------------------

Ctp10Token Services follow the CTP 1.0 protocol and mainly provide
contract Token-related interfaces. Currently there are 8 interfaces:
checkValid, allowance, getInfo, getName, getSymbol, getDecimals,
getTotalSupply, and getBalance.

.. _checkvalid-1:

checkValid
~~~~~~~~~~

The checkValid interface is used to verify the validity of the contract
token.

The method call is as follows:

::

   Ctp10TokenCheckValidResponse checkValid(Ctp10TokenCheckValidRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-----------------+--------+----------------------------------------------------+
| Parameter       | Type   | Description                                        |
+=================+========+====================================================+
| contractAddress | String | Required, contract address of token to be verified |
+-----------------+--------+----------------------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+------------------------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description                        |
+===========+========+====================================+
| isValid   | String | Whether the response data is valid |
+-----------+--------+------------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception                     | Error Code | Description                      |
+===============================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRESS_ERROR | 11037      | Invalid contract address         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR            | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR                  | 20000      | System error                     |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   Ctp10TokenCheckValidRequest request = new Ctp10TokenCheckValidRequest();
   request.setContractAddress("buQfnVYgXuMo3rvCEpKA6SfRrDpaz8D8A9Ea");

   // Call the checkValid interface
   Ctp10TokenCheckValidResponse response = sdk.getTokenService().checkValid(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   Ctp10TokenCheckValidResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(result.getValid());
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

allowance
~~~~~~~~~

The allowance interface is used to obtain the amount that the spender
allows to extract from the owner.

The method call is as follows:

::

   Ctp10TokenAllowanceResponse allowance(Ctp10TokenAllowanceRequest);

The request parameters are shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Parameter             | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| contractAddress       | String                | Required, contract    |
|                       |                       | account address       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| tokenOwner            | String                | Required, the account |
|                       |                       | address holding the   |
|                       |                       | contract Token        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| spender               | String                | Required, authorized  |
|                       |                       | account address       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+--------------------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description                    |
+===========+========+================================+
| allowance | String | Allowed amount to be withdrawn |
+-----------+--------+--------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception                     | Error Code | Description                      |
+===============================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRESS_ERROR | 11037      | Invalid contract address         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| NO_SUCH_TOKEN_ERROR           | 11030      | No such token                    |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| INVALID_TOKENOWNER_ERRPR      | 11035      | Invalid token owner              |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| INVALID_SPENDER_ERROR         | 11043      | Invalid spender                  |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| GET_ALLOWNANCE_ERROR          | 11036      | Failed to get allowance          |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR            | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR                  | 20000      | System error                     |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   Ctp10TokenAllowanceRequest request = new Ctp10TokenAllowanceRequest();
   request.setContractAddress("buQhdBSkJqERBSsYiUShUZFMZQhXvkdNgnYq");
   request.setTokenOwner("buQnnUEBREw2hB6pWHGPzwanX7d28xk6KVcp");
   request.setSpender("buQnnUEBREw2hB6pWHGPzwanX7d28xk6KVcp");

   // Call the allowance interface
   Ctp10TokenAllowanceResponse response = sdk.getTokenService().allowance(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   Ctp10TokenAllowanceResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getInfo-Ctp10Token
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The getInfo-Ctp10Token interface is used to obtain information about the
contract token.

The method call is as follows:

::

   Ctp10TokenGetInfoResponse getInfo(Ctp10TokenGetInfoRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-----------------+--------+--------------------------------------+
| Parameter       | Type   | Description                          |
+=================+========+======================================+
| contractAddress | String | Contract token address to be queried |
+-----------------+--------+--------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+---------------+---------+-------------------------------------+
| Parameter     | Type    | Description                         |
+===============+=========+=====================================+
| ctp           | String  | Contract Token version number       |
+---------------+---------+-------------------------------------+
| symbol        | String  | Contract Token symbol               |
+---------------+---------+-------------------------------------+
| decimals      | Integer | Accuracy of the number of contracts |
+---------------+---------+-------------------------------------+
| totalSupply   | String  | Total supply of contracts           |
+---------------+---------+-------------------------------------+
| name          | String  | The name of the contract Token      |
+---------------+---------+-------------------------------------+
| contractOwner | String  | Owner of the contract Token         |
+---------------+---------+-------------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception                     | Error Code | Description                      |
+===============================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRESS_ERROR | 11037      | Invalid contract address         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| NO_SUCH_TOKEN_ERROR           | 11030      | No such token                    |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| GET_TOKEN_INFO_ERROR          | 11066      | Failed to get token info         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR            | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR                  | 20000      | System error                     |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   Ctp10TokenGetInfoRequest request = new Ctp10TokenGetInfoRequest();
   request.setContractAddress("buQhdBSkJqERBSsYiUShUZFMZQhXvkdNgnYq");

   // Call the allowance interface
   Ctp10TokenGetInfoResponse response = sdk.getTokenService().getInfo(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   Ctp10TokenGetInfoResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getName
~~~~~~~

The getName interface is used to get the name of the contract Token.

The method call is as follows:

::

   Ctp10TokenGetNameResponse getName(Ctp10TokenGetNameRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-----------------+--------+----------------------------------------+
| Parameter       | Type   | Description                            |
+=================+========+========================================+
| contractAddress | String | Contract account address to be queried |
+-----------------+--------+----------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+--------------------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description                    |
+===========+========+================================+
| name      | String | The name of the contract Token |
+-----------+--------+--------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception                     | Error Code | Description                      |
+===============================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRESS_ERROR | 11037      | Invalid contract address         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| NO_SUCH_TOKEN_ERROR           | 11030      | No such token                    |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| GET_TOKEN_INFO_ERROR          | 11066      | Failed to get token info         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR            | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR                  | 20000      | System error                     |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   Ctp10TokenGetNameRequest request = new Ctp10TokenGetNameRequest();
   request.setContractAddress("buQhdBSkJqERBSsYiUShUZFMZQhXvkdNgnYq");

   // Call the getName interface
   Ctp10TokenGetNameResponse response = sdk.getTokenService().getName(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   Ctp10TokenGetNameResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(result.getName());
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getSymbol
~~~~~~~~~

The getSymbol interface is used to get the symbol of the contract Token.

The method call is as follows:

::

   Ctp10TokenGetSymbolResponse getSymbol (Ctp10TokenGetSymbolRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-----------------+--------+----------------------------------------+
| Parameter       | Type   | Description                            |
+=================+========+========================================+
| contractAddress | String | Contract account address to be queried |
+-----------------+--------+----------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+-----------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description           |
+===========+========+=======================+
| symbol    | String | Contract Token symbol |
+-----------+--------+-----------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception                     | Error Code | Description                      |
+===============================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRESS_ERROR | 11037      | Invalid contract address         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| NO_SUCH_TOKEN_ERROR           | 11030      | No such token                    |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| GET_TOKEN_INFO_ERROR          | 11066      | Failed to get token info         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR            | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR                  | 20000      | System error                     |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters

   Ctp10TokenGetSymbolRequest request = new Ctp10TokenGetSymbolRequest();
   request.setContractAddress("buQhdBSkJqERBSsYiUShUZFMZQhXvkdNgnYq");

   // Call the getSymbol interface
   Ctp10TokenGetSymbolResponse response = sdk.getTokenService().getSymbol(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   Ctp10TokenGetSymbolResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(result.getSymbol());
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getDecimals
~~~~~~~~~~~

The getDecimals interface is used to get the precision of the contract
Token.

The method call is as follows:

::

   Ctp10TokenGetDecimalsResponse getDecimals (Ctp10TokenGetDecimalsRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-----------------+--------+----------------------------------------+
| Parameter       | Type   | Description                            |
+=================+========+========================================+
| contractAddress | String | Contract account address to be queried |
+-----------------+--------+----------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+---------+--------------------------+
| Parameter | Type    | Description              |
+===========+=========+==========================+
| decimals  | Integer | Contract token precision |
+-----------+---------+--------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception                     | Error Code | Description                      |
+===============================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRESS_ERROR | 11037      | Invalid contract address         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| NO_SUCH_TOKEN_ERROR           | 11030      | No such token                    |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| GET_TOKEN_INFO_ERROR          | 11066      | Failed to get token info         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR            | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR                  | 20000      | System error                     |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters

   Ctp10TokenGetDecimalsRequest request = new Ctp10TokenGetDecimalsRequest();
   request.setContractAddress("buQhdBSkJqERBSsYiUShUZFMZQhXvkdNgnYq");

   // Call the getDecimals interface
   Ctp10TokenGetDecimalsResponse response = sdk.getTokenService().getDecimals(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   Ctp10TokenGetDecimalsResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(result.getDecimals());
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getTotalSupply
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The getTotalSupply interface is used to get the total supply of contract
tokens.

The method call is as follows:

::

   Ctp10TokenGetTotalSupplyResponse getTotalSupply(Ctp10TokenGetTotalSupplyRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-----------------+--------+----------------------------------------+
| Parameter       | Type   | Description                            |
+=================+========+========================================+
| contractAddress | String | Contract account address to be queried |
+-----------------+--------+----------------------------------------+

..

   The response data is shown in the following table:

+-------------+--------+--------------------------------+
| Parameter   | Type   | Description                    |
+=============+========+================================+
| totalSupply | String | Total supply of contract Token |
+-------------+--------+--------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception                     | Error Code | Description                      |
+===============================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRESS_ERROR | 11037      | Invalid contract address         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| NO_SUCH_TOKEN_ERROR           | 11030      | No such token                    |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| GET_TOKEN_INFO_ERROR          | 11066      | Failed to get token info         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR            | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR                  | 20000      | System error                     |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   Ctp10TokenGetTotalSupplyRequest request = new Ctp10TokenGetTotalSupplyRequest();
   request.setContractAddress("buQhdBSkJqERBSsYiUShUZFMZQhXvkdNgnYq");

   // Call the getDecimals interface
   Ctp10TokenGetTotalSupplyResponse response = sdk.getTokenService().getTotalSupply(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   Ctp10TokenGetTotalSupplyResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(result.getTotalSupply());
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getBalance-Ctp10Token
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The getBalance-Ctp10Token interface is used to get the account balance
of the contract Token owner.

The method call is as follows:

::

   Ctp10TokenGetBalanceResponse getBalance(Ctp10TokenGetBalanceRequest)

The request parameters are shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Parameter             | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| contractAddress       | String                | Contract account      |
|                       |                       | address to be queried |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| tokenOwner            | String                | Required, the account |
|                       |                       | address holding the   |
|                       |                       | contract Token        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+------+---------------+
| Parameter | Type | Description   |
+===========+======+===============+
| balance   | Long | Token balance |
+-----------+------+---------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception                     | Error Code | Description                      |
+===============================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_TOKENOWNER_ERRPR      | 11035      | Invalid token owner              |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRESS_ERROR | 11037      | Invalid contract address         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| NO_SUCH_TOKEN_ERROR           | 11030      | No such token                    |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| GET_TOKEN_INFO_ERROR          | 11066      | Failed to get token info         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR            | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR                  | 20000      | System error                     |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   Ctp10TokenGetBalanceRequest request = new Ctp10TokenGetBalanceRequest();
   request.setContractAddress("buQhdBSkJqERBSsYiUShUZFMZQhXvkdNgnYq");
   request.setTokenOwner("buQnnUEBREw2hB6pWHGPzwanX7d28xk6KVcp");

   // Call the getBalance interface
   Ctp10TokenGetBalanceResponse response = sdk.getTokenService().getBalance(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   Ctp10TokenGetBalanceResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(result.getBalance());
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

Contract Services
-----------------

Contract Services provide contract-related interfaces and currently have
four interfaces: checkValid, getInfo, getAddress, and call.

.. _checkvalid-2:

checkValid
~~~~~~~~~~

The checkValid interface is used to check the validity of the contract
account.

The method call is as follows:

::

   ContractCheckValidResponse checkValid(ContractCheckValidRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-----------------+--------+---------------------------------------+
| Parameter       | Type   | Description                           |
+=================+========+=======================================+
| contractAddress | String | Contract account address to be tested |
+-----------------+--------+---------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+---------+------------------------------------+
| Parameter | Type    | Description                        |
+===========+=========+====================================+
| isValid   | Boolean | Whether the response data is valid |
+-----------+---------+------------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception                     | Error Code | Description                      |
+===============================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRESS_ERROR | 11037      | Invalid contract address         |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR            | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR                  | 20000      | System error                     |
+-------------------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   ContractCheckValidRequest request = new ContractCheckValidRequest();
   request.setContractAddress("buQfnVYgXuMo3rvCEpKA6SfRrDpaz8D8A9Ea");

   // Call the getDecimals interface
   ContractCheckValidResponse response = sdk.getContractService().checkValid(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   ContractCheckValidResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(result.getValid());
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

.. _getinfo-2:

getInfo
~~~~~~~

The getInfo interface is used to query the contract code.

The method call is as follows:

::

   ContractGetInfoResponse getInfo (ContractGetInfoRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-----------------+--------+----------------------------------------+
| Parameter       | Type   | Description                            |
+=================+========+========================================+
| contractAddress | String | Contract account address to be queried |
+-----------------+--------+----------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------------+---------------+
| Parameter | Type         | Description   |
+===========+==============+===============+
| contract  | ContractInfo | Contract info |
+-----------+--------------+---------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| Exception               | Error Code              | Description      |
+=========================+=========================+==================+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRESS | 11037                   | Invalid contract |
| _ERROR                  |                         | address          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| CONTRACTADDRESS_NOT_CON | 11038                   | contractAddress  |
| TRACTACCOUNT_ERROR      |                         | is not a         |
|                         |                         | contract account |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| NO_SUCH_TOKEN_ERROR     | 11030                   | No such token    |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| GET_TOKEN_INFO_ERROR    | 11066                   | Failed to get    |
|                         |                         | token info       |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR      | 12001                   | Request          |
|                         |                         | parameter cannot |
|                         |                         | be null          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR            | 20000                   | System error     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   ContractGetInfoRequest request = new ContractGetInfoRequest();
   request.setContractAddress("buQfnVYgXuMo3rvCEpKA6SfRrDpaz8D8A9Ea");

   // Call the getInfo interface
   ContractGetInfoResponse response = sdk.getContractService().getInfo(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(response.getResult(), true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

ContractInfo
^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of ContractInfo is shown in the following
table:

+---------+---------+-----------------------------+
| Member  | Type    | Description                 |
+=========+=========+=============================+
| type    | Integer | Contract type, default is 0 |
+---------+---------+-----------------------------+
| payload | String  | Contract code               |
+---------+---------+-----------------------------+

getAddress
~~~~~~~~~~

The getAddress interface is used to query the contract address.

The method call is as follows:

::

   ContractGetAddressResponse getInfo (ContractGetAddressRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+------------------------------------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description                                    |
+===========+========+================================================+
| hash      | String | The hash used to create a contract transaction |
+-----------+--------+------------------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Parameter             | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| contractAddressList   | List                  | Contract address list |
|                       | (`ContractAddressInfo |                       |
|                       |  <#contractaddressinf |                       |
|                       | o>`__)                |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception            | Error Code | Description                      |
+======================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_HASH_ERROR   | 11055      | Invalid transaction hash         |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR   | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR         | 20000      | System error                     |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   ContractGetAddressRequest request = new ContractGetAddressRequest();
   request.setHash("44246c5ba1b8b835a5cbc29bdc9454cdb9a9d049870e41227f2dcfbcf7a07689");

   // Call the getAddress interface
   ContractGetAddressResponse response = sdk.getContractService().getAddress(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(response.getResult(), true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

ContractAddressInfo
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of ContractAddressInfo is shown in the
following table:

+-----------------+---------+--------------------------------+
| Member          | Type    | Description                    |
+=================+=========+================================+
| contractAddress | String  | Contract address               |
+-----------------+---------+--------------------------------+
| operationIndex  | Integer | The subscript of the operation |
+-----------------+---------+--------------------------------+

call
~~~~

The call interface is used to debug the contract code.

The method call is as follows:

::

   ContractCallesponse call(ContractCallRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+---------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------+
| Parameter           | Type                  | Description             |
+=====================+=======================+=========================+
| sourceAddress       | String                | Optional, the account   |
|                     |                       | address to trigger the  |
|                     |                       | contract                |
+---------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------+
| contractAddress     | String                | Optional, the contract  |
|                     |                       | account address and     |
|                     |                       | code cannot be empty at |
|                     |                       | the same time           |
+---------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------+
| code                | String                | Optional, the contract  |
|                     |                       | code and                |
|                     |                       | contractAddress cannot  |
|                     |                       | be empty at the same    |
|                     |                       | time, length limit [1,  |
|                     |                       | 64]                     |
+---------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------+
| input               | String                | Optional, input         |
|                     |                       | parameter for the       |
|                     |                       | contract                |
+---------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------+
| contractBalance     | String                | Optional, the initial   |
|                     |                       | BU balance given to the |
|                     |                       | contract, unit MO, 1 BU |
|                     |                       | = 10^8 MO, size limit   |
|                     |                       | [1, Long.MAX_VALUE]     |
+---------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------+
| optType             | Integer               | Required, 0: Call the   |
|                     |                       | read/write interface of |
|                     |                       | the contract init, 1:   |
|                     |                       | Call the read/write     |
|                     |                       | interface of the        |
|                     |                       | contract main, 2: Call  |
|                     |                       | the read-only interface |
|                     |                       | query                   |
+---------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------+
| feeLimit            | Long                  | Minimum fee required    |
|                     |                       | for the transaction,    |
|                     |                       | size limit [1,          |
|                     |                       | Long.MAX_VALUE]         |
+---------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------+
| gasPrice            | Long                  | Transaction fuel price, |
|                     |                       | size limit [1000,       |
|                     |                       | Long.MAX_VALUE]         |
+---------------------+-----------------------+-------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Parameter             | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| logs                  | JSONObject            | Log information       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| queryRets             | JSONArray             | Query the result set  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| stat                  | `ContractStat <#contr | Contract resource     |
|                       | actstat>`__           | occupancy             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| txs                   | `TransactionEnvs <#tr | Transaction set       |
|                       | ansactionenvs>`__\ [] |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| Exception               | Error Code              | Description      |
+=========================+=========================+==================+
| INVALID_SOURCEADDRESS_E | 11002                   | Invalid          |
| RROR                    |                         | sourceAddress    |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRESS | 11037                   | Invalid contract |
| _ERROR                  |                         | address          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| CONTRACTADDRESS_CODE_BO | 11063                   | ContractAddress  |
| TH_NULL_ERROR           |                         | and code cannot  |
|                         |                         | be empty at the  |
|                         |                         | same time        |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_OPTTYPE_ERROR   | 11064                   | OptType must be  |
|                         |                         | between 0 and 2  |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR      | 12001                   | Request          |
|                         |                         | parameter cannot |
|                         |                         | be null          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR    | 11007                   | Failed to        |
|                         |                         | connect to the   |
|                         |                         | network          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR            | 20000                   | System error     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   ContractCallRequest request = new ContractCallRequest();
   request.setCode("\"use strict\";log(undefined);function query() { getBalance(thisAddress); }");
   request.setFeeLimit(1000000000L);
   request.setOptType(2);

   // Call the call interface
   ContractCallResponse response = sdk.getContractService().call(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   ContractCallResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

ContractStat
^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of ContractStat is shown in the following
table:

+-------------+------+------------------+
| Member      | Type | Description      |
+=============+======+==================+
| applyTime   | Long | Receipt time     |
+-------------+------+------------------+
| memoryUsage | Long | Memory footprint |
+-------------+------+------------------+
| stackUsage  | Long | Stack occupancy  |
+-------------+------+------------------+
| step        | Long | Steps needed     |
+-------------+------+------------------+

TransactionEnvs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of TransactionEnvs is shown in the following
table:

+----------------+--------------------------------------+-------------+
| Member         | Type                                 | Description |
+================+======================================+=============+
| transactionEnv | `TransactionEnv <#transactionenv>`__ | Transaction |
+----------------+--------------------------------------+-------------+

TransactionEnv
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of TransactionEnv is shown in the following
table:

+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------------------+
| Member      | Type                                   | Description         |
+=============+========================================+=====================+
| transaction | `TransactionInfo <#transactioninfo>`__ | Transaction content |
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------------------+
| trigger     | `ContractTrigger <#contracttrigger>`__ | Contract trigger    |
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------------------+

TransactionInfo
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of TransactionInfo is shown in the following
table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Member                | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| sourceAddress         | String                | The source account    |
|                       |                       | address initiating    |
|                       |                       | the transaction       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| feeLimit              | Long                  | Minimum fees required |
|                       |                       | for the transaction   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| gasPrice              | Long                  | Transaction fuel      |
|                       |                       | price                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| nonce                 | Long                  | Transaction serial    |
|                       |                       | number                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| operations            | Operation[]           | Operation list        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

ContractTrigger
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of ContractTrigger is shown in the following
table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Member                | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| transaction           | `TriggerTransaction < | Trigger transactions  |
|                       | #triggertransaction>` |                       |
|                       | __                    |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

Operation
^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of Operation is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Member                | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| type                  | Integer               | Operation type        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| sourceAddress         | String                | The source account    |
|                       |                       | address initiating    |
|                       |                       | operations            |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| metadata              | String                | Note                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| createAccount         | `OperationCreateAccou | Operation of creating |
|                       | nt <#operationcreatea | accounts              |
|                       | ccount>`__            |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| issueAsset            | `OperationIssueAsset  | Operation of issuing  |
|                       | <#operationissueasset | assets                |
|                       | >`__                  |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| payAsset              | `OperationPayAsset <# | Operation of          |
|                       | operationpayasset>`__ | transferring assets   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| payCoin               | `OperationPayCoin <#o | Operation of sending  |
|                       | perationpaycoin>`__   | BU                    |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| setMetadata           | `OperationSetMetadata | Operation of setting  |
|                       |  <#operationsetmetada | metadata              |
|                       | ta>`__                |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| setPrivilege          | `OperationSetPrivileg | Operation of setting  |
|                       | e <#operationsetprivi | account privilege     |
|                       | lege>`__              |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| log                   | `OperationLog <#opera | Record logs           |
|                       | tionlog>`__           |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

TriggerTransaction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of TriggerTransaction is shown in the following
table:

+--------+--------+------------------+
| Member | Type   | Description      |
+========+========+==================+
| hash   | String | Transaction hash |
+--------+--------+------------------+

OperationCreateAccount
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of OperationCreateAccount is shown in the
following table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Member                | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| destAddress           | String                | Target account        |
|                       |                       | address               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| contract              | Contract              | Contract info         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| priv                  | `Priv <#priv>`__      | Account privilege     |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| metadata              | `MetadataInfo <#metad | Account               |
|                       | atainfo>`__\ []       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| initBalance           | Long                  | Account assets, unit  |
|                       |                       | MO, 1 BU = 10^8 MO,   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| initInput             | String                | The input parameter   |
|                       |                       | for the init function |
|                       |                       | of the contract       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

Contract
^^^^^^^^

The specific information of Contract is shown in the following table:

+---------+---------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| Member  | Type    | Description                                            |
+=========+=========+========================================================+
| type    | Integer | The contract language is not assigned value by default |
+---------+---------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| payload | String  | The contract code for the corresponding language       |
+---------+---------+--------------------------------------------------------+

.. _metadatainfo-1:

MetadataInfo
^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of MetadataInfo is shown in the following
table:

+---------+--------+------------------+
| Member  | Type   | Description      |
+=========+========+==================+
| key     | String | metadata keyword |
+---------+--------+------------------+
| value   | String | metadata content |
+---------+--------+------------------+
| version | Long   | metadata version |
+---------+--------+------------------+

OperationIssueAsset
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of OperationIssueAsset is shown in the
following table:

+-------------+--------+-----------------+
| Member      | Type   | Description     |
+=============+========+=================+
| code        | String | Assets encoding |
+-------------+--------+-----------------+
| assetAmount | Long   | Assets amount   |
+-------------+--------+-----------------+

OperationPayAsset
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of OperationPayAsset is shown in the following
table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Member            | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| destAddress       | String              | The target account address |
|                   |                     | to which the asset is      |
|                   |                     | transferred                |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| asset             | `AssetInfo <#asseti | Account asset              |
|                   | nfo>`__             |                            |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| input             | String              | Input parameters for the   |
|                   |                     | main function of the       |
|                   |                     | contract                   |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

OperationPayCoin
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of OperationPayCoin is shown in the following
table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Member            | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| destAddress       | String              | The target account address |
|                   |                     | to which the asset is      |
|                   |                     | transferred                |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| buAmount          | Long                | BU amounts to be           |
|                   |                     | transferred                |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| input             | String              | Input parameters for the   |
|                   |                     | main function of the       |
|                   |                     | contract                   |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

OperationSetMetadata
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of OperationSetMetadata is shown in the
following table:

+------------+---------+----------------------------+
| Member     | Type    | Description                |
+============+=========+============================+
| key        | String  | metadata keyword           |
+------------+---------+----------------------------+
| value      | String  | metadata content           |
+------------+---------+----------------------------+
| version    | Long    | metadata version           |
+------------+---------+----------------------------+
| deleteFlag | boolean | Whether to delete metadata |
+------------+---------+----------------------------+

OperationSetPrivilege
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of OperationSetPrivilege is shown in the
following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Member            | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| masterWeight      | String              | Account weight, size       |
|                   |                     | limit[0,                   |
|                   |                     | (Integer.MAX_VALUE \* 2L + |
|                   |                     | 1)]                        |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| signers           | `Signer <#signer>`_ | Signer weight list         |
|                   | _\ []               |                            |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| txThreshold       | String              | Transaction threshold,     |
|                   |                     | size limit[0,              |
|                   |                     | Long.MAX_VALUE]            |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| typeThreshold     | `TypeThreshold <#ty | Threshold for specified    |
|                   | pethreshold>`__     | transaction type           |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

OperationLog
^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of OperationLog is shown in the following
table:

+--------+----------+-------------+
| Member | Type     | Description |
+========+==========+=============+
| topic  | String   | Log theme   |
+--------+----------+-------------+
| data   | String[] | Log content |
+--------+----------+-------------+

Transaction Services
--------------------

Transaction Services provide transaction-related interfaces and
currently have five interfaces: buildBlob, evaluateFee, sign, submit,
and getInfo.

buildBlob
~~~~~~~~~

The buildBlob interface is used to serialize transactions and generate
transaction blob strings for network transmission.

**Note**: Before you can call buildBlob, you need to build some
operations. There are 16 operations: AccountActivateOperation,
AccountSetMetadataOperation, AccountSetPrivilegeOperation,
AssetIssueOperation, AssetSendOperation, BUSendOperation,
TokenIssueOperation, TokenTransferOperation, TokenTransferFromOperation,
TokenApproveOperation, TokenAssignOperation, TokenChangeOwnerOperation,
ContractCreateOperation, ContractInvokeByAssetOperation,
ContractInvokeByBUOperation, and LogCreateOperation.

The method call is as follows:

::

   TransactionBuildBlobResponse buildBlob(TransactionBuildBlobRequest);

The request parameters are shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter         | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| sourceAddress     | String              | Required, the source       |
|                   |                     | account address initiating |
|                   |                     | the operation              |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| nonce             | Long                | Required, the transaction  |
|                   |                     | serial number to be        |
|                   |                     | initiated, add 1 in the    |
|                   |                     | function, size limit [1,   |
|                   |                     | Long.MAX_VALUE]            |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| gasPrice          | Long                | Required, transaction gas  |
|                   |                     | price, unit MO, 1 BU =     |
|                   |                     | 10^8 MO, size limit [1000, |
|                   |                     | Long.MAX_VALUE]            |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| feeLimit          | Long                | Required, the minimum fees |
|                   |                     | required for the           |
|                   |                     | transaction, unit MO, 1 BU |
|                   |                     | = 10^8 MO, size limit [1,  |
|                   |                     | Long.MAX_VALUE]            |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| operation         | BaseOperation[]     | Required, list of          |
|                   |                     | operations to be committed |
|                   |                     | which cannot be empty      |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| ceilLedgerSeq     | long                | Optional, set a value      |
|                   |                     | which will be combined     |
|                   |                     | with the current block     |
|                   |                     | height to restrict         |
|                   |                     | transactions. If           |
|                   |                     | transactions do not        |
|                   |                     | complete within the set    |
|                   |                     | value plus the current     |
|                   |                     | block height, the          |
|                   |                     | transactions fail. The     |
|                   |                     | value you set must be      |
|                   |                     | greater than 0. If the     |
|                   |                     | value is set to 0, no      |
|                   |                     | limit is set.              |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| metadata          | String              | Optional, note             |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------------+--------+-----------------------------------+
| Parameter       | Type   | Description                       |
+=================+========+===================================+
| transactionBlob | String | Serialized transaction hex string |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------------------------+
| hash            | String | Transaction hash                  |
+-----------------+--------+-----------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| Exception               | Error Code              | Description      |
+=========================+=========================+==================+
| INVALID_SOURCEADDRESS_E | 11002                   | Invalid          |
| RROR                    |                         | sourceAddress    |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_NONCE_ERROR     | 11048                   | Nonce must be    |
|                         |                         | between 1 and    |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_DESTADDRESS_ERR | 11003                   | Invalid          |
| OR                      |                         | destAddress      |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_INITBALANCE_ERR | 11004                   | InitBalance must |
| OR                      |                         | be between 1 and |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| SOURCEADDRESS_EQUAL_DES | 11005                   | SourceAddress    |
| TADDRESS_ERROR          |                         | cannot be equal  |
|                         |                         | to destAddress   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_ISSUE_AMMOUNT_E | 11008                   | AssetAmount that |
| RROR                    |                         | will be issued   |
|                         |                         | must be between  |
|                         |                         | 1 and            |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_DATAKEY_ERROR   | 11011                   | The length of    |
|                         |                         | key must be      |
|                         |                         | between 1 and    |
|                         |                         | 1024             |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_DATAVALUE_ERROR | 11012                   | The length of    |
|                         |                         | value must be    |
|                         |                         | between 0 and    |
|                         |                         | 256000           |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_DATAVERSION_ERR | 11013                   | The version must |
| OR                      |                         | be equal to or   |
|                         |                         | greater than 0   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_MASTERWEIGHT    | 11015                   | MasterWeight     |
| \_ERROR                 |                         | must be between  |
|                         |                         | 0 and            |
|                         |                         | (Integer.MAX_VAL |
|                         |                         | UE               |
|                         |                         | \* 2L + 1)       |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_SIGNER_ADDRESS_ | 11016                   | Invalid signer   |
| ERROR                   |                         | address          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_SIGNER_WEIGHT   | 11017                   | Signer weight    |
| \_ERROR                 |                         | must be between  |
|                         |                         | 0 and            |
|                         |                         | (Integer.MAX_VAL |
|                         |                         | UE               |
|                         |                         | \* 2L + 1)       |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_TX_THRESHOLD_ER | 11018                   | TxThreshold must |
| ROR                     |                         | be between 0 and |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_OPERATION_TYPE_ | 11019                   | Operation type   |
| ERROR                   |                         | must be between  |
|                         |                         | 1 and 100        |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_TYPE_THRESHOLD_ | 11020                   | TypeThreshold    |
| ERROR                   |                         | must be between  |
|                         |                         | 0 and            |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_ASSET_CODE      | 11023                   | The length of    |
| \_ERROR                 |                         | key must be      |
|                         |                         | between 1 and 64 |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_ASSET_AMOUNT_ER | 11024                   | AssetAmount must |
| ROR                     |                         | be between 0 and |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_BU_AMOUNT_ERROR | 11026                   | BuAmount must be |
|                         |                         | between 0 and    |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_ISSUER_ADDRESS_ | 11027                   | Invalid issuer   |
| ERROR                   |                         | address          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| NO_SUCH_TOKEN_ERROR     | 11030                   | No such token    |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_TOKEN_NAME_ERRO | 11031                   | The length of    |
| R                       |                         | token name must  |
|                         |                         | be between 1 and |
|                         |                         | 1024             |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_TOKEN_SYMBOL_ER | 11032                   | The length of    |
| ROR                     |                         | symbol must be   |
|                         |                         | between 1 and    |
|                         |                         | 1024             |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_TOKEN_DECIMALS_ | 11033                   | Decimals must be |
| ERROR                   |                         | between 0 and 8  |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_TOKEN_TOTALSUPP | 11034                   | TotalSupply must |
| LY_ERROR                |                         | be between 1 and |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_TOKENOWNER_ERRP | 11035                   | Invalid token    |
| R                       |                         | owner            |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRESS | 11037                   | Invalid contract |
| _ERROR                  |                         | address          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| CONTRACTADDRESS_NOT_CON | 11038                   | ContractAddress  |
| TRACTACCOUNT_ERROR      |                         | is not a         |
|                         |                         | contract account |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_TOKEN_AMOUNT_ER | 11039                   | Token amount     |
| ROR                     |                         | must be between  |
|                         |                         | 1 and            |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| SOURCEADDRESS_EQUAL_CON | 11040                   | SourceAddress    |
| TRACTADDRESS_ERROR      |                         | cannot be equal  |
|                         |                         | to               |
|                         |                         | contractAddress  |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_FROMADDRESS_ERR | 11041                   | Invalid          |
| OR                      |                         | fromAddress      |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| FROMADDRESS_EQUAL_DESTA | 11042                   | FromAddress      |
| DDRESS_ERROR            |                         | cannot be equal  |
|                         |                         | to destAddress   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_SPENDER_ERROR   | 11043                   | Invalid spender  |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| PAYLOAD_EMPTY_ERROR     | 11044                   | Payload cannot   |
|                         |                         | be empty         |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_LOG_TOPIC       | 11045                   | The length of    |
| \_ERROR                 |                         | key must be      |
|                         |                         | between 1 and    |
|                         |                         | 128              |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_LOG_DATA        | 11046                   | The length of    |
| \_ERROR                 |                         | value must be    |
|                         |                         | between 1 and    |
|                         |                         | 1024             |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_CONTRACT_TYPE_E | 11047                   | Type must be     |
| RROR                    |                         | equal to or      |
|                         |                         | greater than 0   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_NONCE_ERROR     | 11048                   | Nonce must be    |
|                         |                         | between 1 and    |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID\_               | 11049                   | GasPrice must be |
| GASPRICE_ERROR          |                         | between 1000 and |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_FEELIMIT_ERROR  | 11050                   | FeeLimit must be |
|                         |                         | between 1 and    |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| OPERATIONS_EMPTY_ERROR  | 11051                   | Operations       |
|                         |                         | cannot be empty  |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_CEILLEDGERSEQ_E | 11052                   | CeilLedgerSeq    |
| RROR                    |                         | must be equal or |
|                         |                         | greater than 0   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| OPERATIONS_ONE_ERROR    | 11053                   | One of the       |
|                         |                         | operations       |
|                         |                         | cannot be        |
|                         |                         | resolved         |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR      | 12001                   | Request          |
|                         |                         | parameter cannot |
|                         |                         | be null          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR            | 20000                   | System error     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize variables
   String senderAddresss = "buQfnVYgXuMo3rvCEpKA6SfRrDpaz8D8A9Ea";
   String destAddress = "buQsurH1M4rjLkfjzkxR9KXJ6jSu2r9xBNEw";
   Long buAmount = ToBaseUnit.BU2MO("10.9");
   Long gasPrice = 1000L;
   Long feeLimit = ToBaseUnit.BU2MO("0.01");
   Long nonce = 1L;

   // Build the sendBU operation
   BUSendOperation operation = new BUSendOperation();
   operation.setSourceAddress(senderAddresss);
   operation.setDestAddress(destAddress);
   operation.setAmount(buAmount);

   // Initialize request parameters
   TransactionBuildBlobRequest request = new TransactionBuildBlobRequest();
   request.setSourceAddress(senderAddresss);
   request.setNonce(nonce);
   request.setFeeLimit(feeLimit);
   request.setGasPrice(gasPrice);
   request.addOperation(operation);

   // Call the buildBlob interface
   String transactionBlob = null;
   TransactionBuildBlobResponse response = sdk.getTransactionService().buildBlob(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   TransactionBuildBlobResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

BaseOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

BaseOperation is the base class for all operations in the buildBlob
interface. The following table describes BaseOperation:

+---------------+--------+---------------------------------------------------+
| Member        | Type   | Description                                       |
+===============+========+===================================================+
| sourceAddress | String | Optional, source account address of the operation |
+---------------+--------+---------------------------------------------------+
| metadata      | String | Optional, note                                    |
+---------------+--------+---------------------------------------------------+

AccountActivateOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

AccountActivateOperation inherits from BaseOperation, and feeLimit is
currently fixed at 0.01 BU (2018.07.26).

+----------------+---------+-------------------------------------------+
| Member         | Type    | Description                               |
+================+=========+===========================================+
| sourceAddress  | String  | Optional, source account address of the   |
|                |         | operation                                 |
+----------------+---------+-------------------------------------------+
| destAddress    | String  | Required, target account address          |
+----------------+---------+-------------------------------------------+
| initBalance    | Long    | Required, initialize the asset, unit MO,  |
|                |         | 1 BU = 10^8 MO, size (0, Long.MAX_VALUE]  |
+----------------+---------+-------------------------------------------+
| metadata       | String  | Optional, note                            |
+----------------+---------+-------------------------------------------+

AccountSetMetadataOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

AccountSetMetadataOperation is inherited from BaseOperation, and
feeLimit is currently fixed at 0.01 BU (2018.07.26).

+---------------+---------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Member        | Type    | Description                                          |
+===============+=========+======================================================+
| sourceAddress | String  | Optional, source account address of the operation    |
+---------------+---------+------------------------------------------------------+
| key           | String  | Required, metadata keyword, length limit [1, 1024]   |
+---------------+---------+------------------------------------------------------+
| value         | String  | Required, metadata content, length limit [0, 256000] |
+---------------+---------+------------------------------------------------------+
| version       | Long    | Optional, metadata version                           |
+---------------+---------+------------------------------------------------------+
| deleteFlag    | Boolean | Optional, whether to delete metadata                 |
+---------------+---------+------------------------------------------------------+
| metadata      | String  | Optional, note                                       |
+---------------+---------+------------------------------------------------------+

AccountSetPrivilegeOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

AccountSetPrivilegeOperation inherits from BaseOperation, and feeLimit
is currently fixed at 0.01 BU (2018.07.26).

+------------------+------------+--------------------------------------+
| Member           | Type       | Description                          |
+==================+============+======================================+
| sourceAddress    | String     | Optional, source account address of  |
|                  |            | the operation                        |
+------------------+------------+--------------------------------------+
| masterWeight     | String     | Optional, account weight, size limit |
|                  |            | [0, (Integer.MAX_VALUE \* 2L + 1)]   |
+------------------+------------+--------------------------------------+
| signers          | Signer[]   | Optional, signer weight list         |
+------------------+------------+--------------------------------------+
| txThreshold      | String     | Optional, transaction threshold,     |
|                  |            | size limit [0, Long.MAX_VALUE]       |
+------------------+------------+--------------------------------------+
| typeThreshold    | TypeThresh | Optional, specify transaction        |
|                  | old[]      | threshold                            |
+------------------+------------+--------------------------------------+
| metadata         | String     | Optional, note                       |
+------------------+------------+--------------------------------------+

AssetIssueOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

AssetIssueOperation inherits from BaseOperation, and feeLimit is
currently fixed at 50.01 BU (2018.07.26).

+-------------------+-------------+------------------------------------+
| Member            | Type        | Description                        |
+===================+=============+====================================+
| sourceAddress     | String      | Optional, source account address   |
|                   |             | of the operation                   |
+-------------------+-------------+------------------------------------+
| code              | String      | Required, asset code, length limit |
|                   |             | [1, 64]                            |
+-------------------+-------------+------------------------------------+
| assetAmount       | Long        | Required, number of asset issues,  |
|                   |             | size limit [0, Long.MAX_VALUE]     |
+-------------------+-------------+------------------------------------+
| metadata          | String      | Optional, note                     |
+-------------------+-------------+------------------------------------+

AssetSendOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

AssetSendOperation inherits from BaseOperation, and feeLimit is
currently fixed at 0.01 BU (2018.07.26).

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Member                | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| sourceAddress         | String                | Optional, source      |
|                       |                       | account address of    |
|                       |                       | the operation         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| destAddress           | String                | Required, target      |
|                       |                       | account address       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| code                  | String                | Required, asset code, |
|                       |                       | length limit [1, 64]  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| issuer                | String                | Required, account     |
|                       |                       | address issuing       |
|                       |                       | assets                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| assetAmount           | Long                  | Required, asset       |
|                       |                       | quantity, size limit  |
|                       |                       | [0, Long.MAX_VALUE]   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| metadata              | String                | Optional, note        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

BUSendOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

BUSendOperation inherits from BaseOperation, feeLimit is currently
(2018.07.26) fixed at 0.01 BU.

+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| Member             | Type         | Description                      |
+====================+==============+==================================+
| sourceAddress      | String       | Optional, source account address |
|                    |              | of the operation                 |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| destAddress        | String       | Required, target account address |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| buAmount           | Long         | Required, amount of asset        |
|                    |              | issued, size limit [0,           |
|                    |              | Long.MAX_VALUE]                  |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| metadata           | String       | Optional, note                   |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+

Ctp10TokenIssueOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Ctp10TokenIssueOperation inherits from BaseOperation, and feeLimit is
currently fixed at 10.08 BU (2018.07.26).

+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| Member             | Type         | Description                      |
+====================+==============+==================================+
| sourceAddress      | String       | Optional, source account address |
|                    |              | of the operation                 |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| initBalance        | Long         | Required, initial assets for the |
|                    |              | contract account, unit MO, 1 BU  |
|                    |              | = 10^8 MO, size limit [1,        |
|                    |              | max(64)]                         |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| name               | String       | Required, ctp10Token name,       |
|                    |              | length limit [1, 1024]           |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| symbol             | String       | Required, ctp10Token symbol,     |
|                    |              | length limit [1, 1024]           |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| decimals           | Integer      | Required, the precision of the   |
|                    |              | number of ctp10Token, size limit |
|                    |              | [0, 8]                           |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| supply             | String       | Required, total supply issued by |
|                    |              | ctp10Token (without precision),  |
|                    |              | size limit [1, Long.MAX_VALUE]   |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| metadata           | String       | Optional, note                   |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+

Ctp10TokenTransferOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Ctp10TokenTransferOperation inherits from BaseOperation, and feeLimit
currently (2018.07.26) is fixed at 0.02 BU.

+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| Member             | Type         | Description                      |
+====================+==============+==================================+
| sourceAddress      | String       | Optional, account address        |
|                    |              | holding the contract token       |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| contractAddress    | String       | Required, contract account       |
|                    |              | address                          |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| destAddress        | String       | Required, target account address |
|                    |              | to which token is transferred    |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| tokenAmount        | String       | Required, amount of tokens to be |
|                    |              | transferred, size limit [1,      |
|                    |              | Long.MAX_VALUE]                  |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| metadata           | String       | Optional, note                   |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+

TokenTransferFromOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

TokenTransferFromOperation inherits from BaseOperation, and feeLimit is
currently fixed at 0.02 BU (2018.07.26).

+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| Member             | Type         | Description                      |
+====================+==============+==================================+
| sourceAddress      | String       | Optional, source account address |
|                    |              | of the operation                 |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| contractAddress    | String       | Required, contract account       |
|                    |              | address                          |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| fromAddress        | String       | Required, source account address |
|                    |              | from which token is transferred  |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| destAddress        | String       | Required, target account address |
|                    |              | to which token is transferred    |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| tokenAmount        | String       | Required, amount of ctp10Tokens  |
|                    |              | to be transferred, size limit    |
|                    |              | [1, Long.MAX_VALUE]              |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| metadata           | String       | Optional, note                   |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+

Ctp10TokenApproveOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Ctp10TokenApproveOperation inherits from BaseOperation, and feeLimit is
currently fixed at 0.02 BU (2018.07.26).

+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| Member             | Type         | Description                      |
+====================+==============+==================================+
| sourceAddress      | String       | Optional, account address        |
|                    |              | holding the contract token       |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| contractAddress    | String       | Required, contract account       |
|                    |              | address                          |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| spender            | String       | Required, authorized account     |
|                    |              | address                          |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| tokenAmount        | String       | Required, the number of          |
|                    |              | authorized ctp10Tokens to be     |
|                    |              | transferred, size limit [1,      |
|                    |              | Long.MAX_VALUE]                  |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| metadata           | String       | Optional, note                   |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+

Ctp10TokenAssignOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Ctp10TokenAssignOperation inherits from BaseOperation, feeLimit is
currently (2018.07.26) fixed at 0.02 BU.

+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| Member             | Type         | Description                      |
+====================+==============+==================================+
| sourceAddress      | String       | Optional, account address        |
|                    |              | holding the contract token       |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| contractAddress    | String       | Required, contract account       |
|                    |              | address                          |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| destAddress        | String       | Required, target account address |
|                    |              | to be assigned                   |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| tokenAmount        | String       | Required, amount of ctp10Tokens  |
|                    |              | to be allocated, size limit [1,  |
|                    |              | Long.MAX_VALUE]                  |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| metadata           | String       | Optional, note                   |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+

Ctp10TokenChangeOwnerOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Ctp10TokenChangeOwnerOperation inherits from BaseOperation, and feeLimit
is currently fixed at 0.02 BU (2018.07.26).

+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| Member             | Type         | Description                      |
+====================+==============+==================================+
| sourceAddress      | String       | Optional, account address        |
|                    |              | holding the contract token       |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| contractAddress    | String       | Required, contract account       |
|                    |              | address                          |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| tokenOwner         | String       | Required, target account address |
|                    |              | to which token is transferred    |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| metadata           | String       | Optional, note                   |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+

ContractCreateOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

ContractCreateOperation inherits from BaseOperation, and feeLimit is
currently fixed at 10.01 BU (2018.07.26).

+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| Member             | Type         | Description                      |
+====================+==============+==================================+
| sourceAddress      | String       | Optional, source account address |
|                    |              | of the operation                 |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| initBalance        | Long         | Required, initial asset for      |
|                    |              | contract account, unit MO, 1 BU  |
|                    |              | = 10^8 MO, size limit [1,        |
|                    |              | Long.MAX_VALUE]                  |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| type               | Integer      | Optional, the language of the    |
|                    |              | contract, the default is 0       |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| payload            | String       | Required, contract code for the  |
|                    |              | corresponding language           |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| initInput          | String       | Optional, the input parameters   |
|                    |              | of the init method in the        |
|                    |              | contract code                    |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| metadata           | String       | Optional, note                   |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+

ContractInvokeByAssetOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

ContractInvokeByAssetOperation inherits from BaseOperation. FeeLimit
requires to add fees according to the execution of the transaction in
the contract. First, the transaction fee is initiated. At present the
fee (2018.07.26) is 0.01BU, and then the transaction in the contract
also requires the transaction initiator to add the transaction fees.

+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| Member             | Type         | Description                      |
+====================+==============+==================================+
| sourceAddress      | String       | Optional, source account address |
|                    |              | of the operation                 |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| contractAddress    | String       | Required, contract account       |
|                    |              | address                          |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| code               | String       | Optional, asset code, length     |
|                    |              | limit [0, 1024]; when it is      |
|                    |              | empty, only the contract is      |
|                    |              | triggered                        |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| issuer             | String       | Optional, the account address    |
|                    |              | issuing assets; when it is null, |
|                    |              | only trigger the contract        |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| assetAmount        | Long         | Optional, asset quantity, size   |
|                    |              | limit [0, Long.MAX_VALUE], when  |
|                    |              | it is 0, only trigger the        |
|                    |              | contract                         |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| input              | String       | Optional, the input parameter of |
|                    |              | the main() method for the        |
|                    |              | contract to be triggered         |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| metadata           | String       | Optional, note                   |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+

ContractInvokeByBUOperation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

ContractInvokeByBUOperation inherits from BaseOperation. FeeLimit
requires to add fees according to the execution of the transaction in
the contract. First, the transaction fee is initiated. At present the
fee (2018.07.26) is 0.01BU, and then the transaction in the contract
also requires the transaction initiator to add the transaction fees.

+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| Member             | Type         | Description                      |
+====================+==============+==================================+
| sourceAddress      | String       | Optional, source account address |
|                    |              | of the operation                 |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| contractAddress    | String       | Required, contract account       |
|                    |              | address                          |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| buAmount           | Long         | Optional, number of asset        |
|                    |              | issues, size limit [0,           |
|                    |              | Long.MAX_VALUE], when it is 0    |
|                    |              | only triggers the contract       |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| input              | String       | Optional, the input parameter of |
|                    |              | the main() method for the        |
|                    |              | contract to be triggered         |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+
| metadata           | String       | Optional, note                   |
+--------------------+--------------+----------------------------------+

evaluateFee
~~~~~~~~~~~

The evaluateFee interface implements the cost estimate for the
transaction.

The method call is as follows:

::

   TransactionEvaluateFeeResponse evaluateFee (TransactionEvaluateFeeRequest);

The request parameters are shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter         | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| sourceAddress     | String              | Required, the source       |
|                   |                     | account address issuing    |
|                   |                     | the operation              |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| nonce             | Long                | Required, transaction      |
|                   |                     | serial number to be        |
|                   |                     | initiated, size limit [1,  |
|                   |                     | Long.MAX_VALUE]            |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| operation         | BaseOperation[]     | Required, list of          |
|                   |                     | operations to be committed |
|                   |                     | which cannot be empty      |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| signtureNumber    | Integer             | Optional, the number of    |
|                   |                     | people to sign, the        |
|                   |                     | default is 1, size limit   |
|                   |                     | [1, Integer.MAX_VALUE]     |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| ceilLedgerSeq     | Long                | Optional, set a value      |
|                   |                     | which will be combined     |
|                   |                     | with the current block     |
|                   |                     | height to restrict         |
|                   |                     | transactions. If           |
|                   |                     | transactions do not        |
|                   |                     | complete within the set    |
|                   |                     | value plus the current     |
|                   |                     | block height, the          |
|                   |                     | transactions fail. The     |
|                   |                     | value you set must be      |
|                   |                     | greater than 0. If the     |
|                   |                     | value is set to 0, no      |
|                   |                     | limit is set.              |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| metadata          | String              | Optional, note             |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------------------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter | Type                     | Description                |
+===========+==========================+============================+
| txs       | `TestTx <#testtx>`__\ [] | Evaluation transaction set |
+-----------+--------------------------+----------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| Exception               | Error Code              | Description      |
+=========================+=========================+==================+
| INVALID_SOURCEADDRESS_E | 11002                   | Invalid          |
| RROR                    |                         | sourceAddress    |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_NONCE_ERROR     | 11045                   | Nonce must be    |
|                         |                         | between 1 and    |
|                         |                         | Long.MAX_VALUE   |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| OPERATIONS_EMPTY_ERROR  | 11051                   | Operations       |
|                         |                         | cannot be empty  |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| OPERATIONS_ONE_ERROR    | 11053                   | One of           |
|                         |                         | operations       |
|                         |                         | cannot be        |
|                         |                         | resolved         |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| INVALID_SIGNATURENUMBER | 11054                   | SignagureNumber  |
| _ERROR                  |                         | must be between  |
|                         |                         | 1 and            |
|                         |                         | Integer.MAX_VALU |
|                         |                         | E                |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR      | 12001                   | Request          |
|                         |                         | parameter cannot |
|                         |                         | be null          |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR            | 20000                   | System error     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize variables
   String senderAddresss = "buQnnUEBREw2hB6pWHGPzwanX7d28xk6KVcp";
   String destAddress = "buQfnVYgXuMo3rvCEpKA6SfRrDpaz8D8A9Ea";
   Long buAmount = ToBaseUnit.BU2MO("10.9");
   Long gasPrice = 1000L;
   Long feeLimit = ToBaseUnit.BU2MO("0.01");
   Long nonce = 51L;

   // Build the sendBU operation
   BUSendOperation buSendOperation = new BUSendOperation();
   buSendOperation.setSourceAddress(senderAddresss);
   buSendOperation.setDestAddress(destAddress);
   buSendOperation.setAmount(buAmount);

   // Initialize request parameters for transaction evaluation

   TransactionEvaluateFeeRequest request = new TransactionEvaluateFeeRequest();
   request.addOperation(buSendOperation);
   request.setSourceAddress(senderAddresss);
   request.setNonce(nonce);
   request.setSignatureNumber(1);
   request.setMetadata(HexFormat.byteToHex("evaluate fees".getBytes()));

   // Call the evaluateFee interface
   TransactionEvaluateFeeResponse response = sdk.getTransactionService().evaluateFee(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   TransactionEvaluateFeeResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

TestTx
^^^^^^

The specific information of TestTx is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Member                | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| transactionEnv        | `TestTransactionFees  | Assess transaction    |
|                       | <#testtransactionfees | costs                 |
|                       | >`__                  |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

TestTransactionFees
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of TestTransactionFees is shown in the
following table:

+-----------------+----------------------------------------+------------------+
| Member          | Type                                   | Description      |
+=================+========================================+==================+
| transactionFees | `TransactionFees <#transactionfees>`__ | Transaction fees |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------+------------------+

TransactionFees
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of TransactionFees is shown in the following
table:

+----------+------+-------------------------------------------+
| Member   | Type | Description                               |
+==========+======+===========================================+
| feeLimit | Long | Minimum fees required for the transaction |
+----------+------+-------------------------------------------+
| gasPrice | Long | Transaction gas price                     |
+----------+------+-------------------------------------------+

sign
~~~~

The sign interface is used to implement the signature of the
transaction.

The method call is as follows:

::

   TransactionSignResponse sign(TransactionSignRequest);

The request parameters are shown in the following table:

+-------------+----------+-------------------------------------------------+
| Parameter   | Type     | Description                                     |
+=============+==========+=================================================+
| blob        | String   | Required, pending transaction blob to be signed |
+-------------+----------+-------------------------------------------------+
| privateKeys | String[] | Required, private key list                      |
+-------------+----------+-------------------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+------------+-----------+------------------+
| Parameter  | Type      | Description      |
+============+===========+==================+
| signatures | Signature | Signed data list |
+------------+-----------+------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+------------+-----------------------------------+
| Exception             | Error Code | Description                       |
+=======================+============+===================================+
| INVALID_BLOB_ERROR    | 11056      | Invalid blob                      |
+-----------------------+------------+-----------------------------------+
| PRIVATEKEY_NULL_ERROR | 11057      | PrivateKeys cannot be empty       |
+-----------------------+------------+-----------------------------------+
| PRIVATEKEY_ONE_ERROR  | 11058      | One of the privateKeys is invalid |
+-----------------------+------------+-----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR    | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null  |
+-----------------------+------------+-----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR          | 20000      | System error                      |
+-----------------------+------------+-----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   String issuePrivateKey = "privbyQCRp7DLqKtRFCqKQJr81TurTqG6UKXMMtGAmPG3abcM9XHjWvq";
   String []signerPrivateKeyArr = {issuePrivateKey};
   String transactionBlob = "0A246275516E6E5545425245773268423670574847507A77616E5837643238786B364B566370102118C0843D20E8073A56080712246275516E6E5545425245773268423670574847507A77616E5837643238786B364B566370522C0A24627551426A4A443142534A376E7A41627A6454656E416870466A6D7852564545746D78481080A9E08704";
   TransactionSignRequest request = new TransactionSignRequest();
   request.setBlob(transactionBlob);
   for (int i = 0; i < signerPrivateKeyArr.length; i++) {
   request.addPrivateKey(signerPrivateKeyArr[i]);
   }
   TransactionSignResponse response = sdk.getTransactionService().sign(request);
   if(0 == response.getErrorCode()){
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(response.getResult(), true));
   }else{
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

Signature
^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of signature is shown in the following table:

+-----------+------+-------------+
| Member    | Type | Description |
+===========+======+=============+
| signData  | Long | Data signed |
+-----------+------+-------------+
| publicKey | Long | Public key  |
+-----------+------+-------------+

submit
~~~~~~

The submit interface is used to implement the submission of the
transaction.

The method call is as follows:

::

   TransactionSubmitResponse submit(TransactionSubmitRequest);

The request parameters are shown in the following table:

+-----------+-------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter | Type        | Description                |
+===========+=============+============================+
| blob      | String      | Required, transaction blob |
+-----------+-------------+----------------------------+
| signature | Signature[] | Required, signature list   |
+-----------+-------------+----------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description      |
+===========+========+==================+
| hash      | String | Transaction hash |
+-----------+--------+------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception             | Error Code | Description                      |
+=======================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_BLOB_ERROR    | 11056      | Invalid blob                     |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SIGNATURE_EMPTY_ERROR | 11067      | The signatures cannot be empty   |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR    | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR          | 20000      | System error                     |
+-----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   String transactionBlob = "0A246275516E6E5545425245773268423670574847507A77616E5837643238786B364B566370102118C0843D20E8073A56080712246275516E6E5545425245773268423670574847507A77616E5837643238786B364B566370522C0A24627551426A4A443142534A376E7A41627A6454656E416870466A6D7852564545746D78481080A9E08704";
   Signature signature = new Signature();
   signature.setSignData("D2B5E3045F2C1B7D363D4F58C1858C30ABBBB0F41E4B2E18AF680553CA9C3689078E215C097086E47A4393BCA715C7A5D2C180D8750F35C6798944F79CC5000A");
   signature.setPublicKey("b0011765082a9352e04678ef38d38046dc01306edef676547456c0c23e270aaed7ffe9e31477");
   TransactionSubmitRequest request = new TransactionSubmitRequest();
   request.setTransactionBlob(transactionBlob);
   request.addSignature(signature);

   // Call the submit interface
   TransactionSubmitResponse response = sdk.getTransactionService().submit(request);
   if (0 == response.getErrorCode()) { // Committed transactions successfully
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(response.getResult(), true));
   } else{
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

.. _getinfo-3:

getInfo
~~~~~~~

The getInfo interface is used to implement query transactions based on
transaction hashes.

The method call is as follows:

::

   TransactionGetInfoResponse getInfo (TransactionGetInfoRequest);

The request parameters are shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description      |
+===========+========+==================+
| hash      | String | Transaction hash |
+-----------+--------+------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Parameter             | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| totalCount            | Long                  | Total number of       |
|                       |                       | transactions returned |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| transactions          | `TransactionHistory < | Transaction content   |
|                       | #transactionhistory>` |                       |
|                       | __\ []                |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception            | Error Code | Description                      |
+======================+============+==================================+
| INVALID_HASH_ERROR   | 11055      | Invalid transaction hash         |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR   | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR         | 20000      | System error                     |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   String txHash = "1653f54fbba1134f7e35acee49592a7c29384da10f2f629c9a214f6e54747705";
   TransactionGetInfoRequest request = new TransactionGetInfoRequest();
   request.setHash(txHash);

   // Call the getInfo interface
   TransactionGetInfoResponse response = sdk.getTransactionService().getInfo(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(response.getResult(), true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

TransactionHistory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of TransactionHistory is shown in the following
table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Member                | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| actualFee             | String                | Actual transaction    |
|                       |                       | cost                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| closeTime             | Long                  | Transaction closure   |
|                       |                       | time                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| errorCode             | Long                  | Transaction error     |
|                       |                       | code                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| errorDesc             | String                | Transaction           |
|                       |                       | description           |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| hash                  | String                | Transaction hash      |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| ledgerSeq             | Long                  | Block serial number   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| transaction           | `TransactionInfo <#tr | List of transaction   |
|                       | ansactioninfo>`__     | contents              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| signatures            | `Signature <#signatur | Signature list        |
|                       | e>`__\ []             |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| txSize                | Long                  | Transaction size      |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

Block Services
--------------

Block services provide block-related interfaces. There are currently 11
interfaces: getNumber, checkStatus, getTransactions, getInfo,
getLatestInfo, getValidators, getLatestValidators, getReward,
getLatestReward, getFees and getLatestFees.

getNumber
~~~~~~~~~

The getNumber interface is used to query the latest block height.

The method call is as follows:

::

   BlockGetNumberResponse getNumber();

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter         | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| header            | BlockHeader         | Block head                 |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| blockNumber       | Long                | The latest block           |
|                   |                     | height,corresponding to    |
|                   |                     | the underlying field       |
|                   |                     | sequence                   |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception            | Error Code | Description                      |
+======================+============+==================================+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR         | 20000      | System error                     |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Call the getNumber interface
   BlockGetNumberResponse response = sdk.getBlockService().getNumber();
   if(0 == response.getErrorCode()){
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(response.getResult(), true));
   }else{
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

checkStatus
~~~~~~~~~~~

The checkStatus interface is used to check if the local node block is
synchronized.

The method call is as follows:

::

   BlockCheckStatusResponse checkStatus();

The response data is shown in the following table:

+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------+
| Parameter     | Type    | Description                       |
+===============+=========+===================================+
| isSynchronous | Boolean | Whether the block is synchronized |
+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception            | Error Code | Description                      |
+======================+============+==================================+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR         | 20000      | System error                     |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Call the checkStatus interface
   BlockCheckStatusResponse response = sdk.getBlockService().checkStatus();
   if(0 == response.getErrorCode()){
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(response.getResult(), true));
   }else{
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getTransactions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The getTransactions interface is used to query all transactions at the
specified block height.

The method call is as follows:

::

   BlockGetTransactionsResponse getTransactions(BlockGetTransactionsRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter         | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| blockNumber       | Long                | Required, the height of    |
|                   |                     | the block to be queried    |
|                   |                     | must be greater than 0     |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+--------------+----------------------+---------------------------------------+
| Parameter    | Type                 | Description                           |
+==============+======================+=======================================+
| totalCount   | Long                 | Total number of transactions returned |
+--------------+----------------------+---------------------------------------+
| transactions | TransactionHistory[] | Transaction content                   |
+--------------+----------------------+---------------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| Exception                 | Error Code | Description                        |
+===========================+============+====================================+
| INVALID_BLOCKNUMBER_ERROR | 11060      | BlockNumber must be greater than 0 |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR        | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null   |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR      | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network   |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR              | 20000      | System error                       |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   Long blockNumber = 617247L;// Block 617247
   BlockGetTransactionsRequest request = new BlockGetTransactionsRequest();
   request.setBlockNumber(blockNumber);

   // Call the getTransactions interface
   BlockGetTransactionsResponse response = sdk.getBlockService().getTransactions(request);
   if(0 == response.getErrorCode()){
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(response.getResult(), true));
   }else{
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

.. _getinfo-4:

getInfo
~~~~~~~

The getInfo interface is used to obtain block information.

The method call is as follows:

::

   BlockGetInfoResponse getInfo(BlockGetInfoRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-------------+------+-------------------------------------------------+
| Parameter   | Type | Description                                     |
+=============+======+=================================================+
| blockNumber | Long | Required, the height of the block to be queried |
+-------------+------+-------------------------------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+---------------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description               |
+===========+========+===========================+
| closeTime | Long   | Block closure time        |
+-----------+--------+---------------------------+
| number    | Long   | Block height              |
+-----------+--------+---------------------------+
| txCount   | Long   | Total transactions amount |
+-----------+--------+---------------------------+
| version   | String | Block version             |
+-----------+--------+---------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| Exception                 | Error Code | Description                        |
+===========================+============+====================================+
| INVALID_BLOCKNUMBER_ERROR | 11060      | BlockNumber must be greater than 0 |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR        | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null   |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR      | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network   |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR              | 20000      | System error                       |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   BlockGetInfoRequest request = new BlockGetInfoRequest();
   request.setBlockNumber(629743L);

   // Call the getInfo interface
   BlockGetInfoResponse response = sdk.getBlockService().getInfo(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   BlockGetInfoResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getLatestInfo
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The getLatestInfo interface is used to get the latest block information.

The method call is as follows:

::

   BlockGetLatestInfoResponse getLatestInfo();

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+--------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| Parameter | Type   | Description                                            |
+===========+========+========================================================+
| closeTime | Long   | Block closure time                                     |
+-----------+--------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| number    | Long   | Block height,corresponding to the underlying field seq |
+-----------+--------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| txCount   | Long   | Total transactions amount                              |
+-----------+--------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| version   | String | Block version                                          |
+-----------+--------+--------------------------------------------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception            | Error Code | Description                      |
+======================+============+==================================+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR         | 20000      | System error                     |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Call the getLatestInfo interface
   BlockGetLatestInfoResponse response = sdk.getBlockService().getLatestInfo();
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   BlockGetLatestInfoResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getValidators
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The getValidators interface is used to get the number of all the
authentication nodes in the specified block.

The method call is as follows:

::

   BlockGetValidatorsResponse getValidators(BlockGetValidatorsRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter         | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| blockNumber       | Long                | Required, the height of    |
|                   |                     | the block to be queried    |
|                   |                     | must be greater than 0     |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Parameter  | Type            | Description     |
+============+=================+=================+
| validators | ValidatorInfo[] | Validators list |
+------------+-----------------+-----------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| Exception                 | Error Code | Description                        |
+===========================+============+====================================+
| INVALID_BLOCKNUMBER_ERROR | 11060      | BlockNumber must be greater than 0 |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR        | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null   |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR      | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network   |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR              | 20000      | System error                       |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   BlockGetValidatorsRequest request = new BlockGetValidatorsRequest();
   request.setBlockNumber(629743L);

   // Call the getValidators interface
   BlockGetValidatorsResponse response = sdk.getBlockService().getValidators(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   BlockGetValidatorsResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

ValidatorInfo
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

+-----------------+--------+------------------------+
| Member          | Type   | Description            |
+=================+========+========================+
| address         | String | Consensus node address |
+-----------------+--------+------------------------+
| plegeCoinAmount | Long   | Validators’ deposit    |
+-----------------+--------+------------------------+

getLatestValidators
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The getLatestValidators interface is used to get the number of all
validators in the latest block.

The method call is as follows:

::

   BlockGetLatestValidatorsResponse getLatestValidators();

The response data is shown in the following table:

+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Parameter  | Type            | Description     |
+============+=================+=================+
| validators | ValidatorInfo[] | Validators list |
+------------+-----------------+-----------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception            | Error Code | Description                      |
+======================+============+==================================+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR         | 20000      | System error                     |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Call the getLatestValidators interface
   BlockGetLatestValidatorsResponse response = sdk.getBlockService().getLatestValidators();
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   BlockGetLatestValidatorsResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getReward
~~~~~~~~~

The getReward interface is used to retrieve the block reward and
valicator node rewards in the specified block. The method call is as
follows:

::

   BlockGetRewardResponse getReward(BlockGetRewardRequest);

The request parameters are shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter         | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| blockNumber       | Long                | Required, the height of    |
|                   |                     | the block to be queried    |
|                   |                     | must be greater than 0     |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+------------------+-------------------+--------------------+
| Parameter        | Type              | Description        |
+==================+===================+====================+
| blockReward      | Long              | Block rewards      |
+------------------+-------------------+--------------------+
| validatorsReward | ValidatorReward[] | Validators rewards |
+------------------+-------------------+--------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| Exception                 | Error Code | Description                        |
+===========================+============+====================================+
| INVALID_BLOCKNUMBER_ERROR | 11060      | BlockNumber must be greater than 0 |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR        | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null   |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR      | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network   |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR              | 20000      | System error                       |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   BlockGetRewardRequest request = new BlockGetRewardRequest();
   request.setBlockNumber(629743L);

   // Call the getReward interface
   BlockGetRewardResponse response = sdk.getBlockService().getReward(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   BlockGetRewardResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

ValidatorReward
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The specific information of ValidatorReward is shown in the following
table:

+-----------+--------+-------------------+
| Member    | Type   | Description       |
+===========+========+===================+
| validator | String | Validator address |
+-----------+--------+-------------------+
| reward    | Long   | Validator reward  |
+-----------+--------+-------------------+

getLatestReward
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The getLatestReward interface gets the block rewards and validator
rewards in the latest block. The method call is as follows:

::

   BlockGetLatestRewardResponse getLatestReward();

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Parameter             | Type                  | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| blockReward           | Long                  | Block rewards         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| validatorsReward      | `ValidatorReward <#va | Validator rewards     |
|                       | lidatorreward>`__\ [] |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception            | Error Code | Description                      |
+======================+============+==================================+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR         | 20000      | System error                     |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Call the getLatestReward interface
   BlockGetLatestRewardResponse response = sdk.getBlockService().getLatestReward();
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   BlockGetLatestRewardResult result = response.getResult();
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(result, true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

getFees
~~~~~~~

The getFees interface gets the minimum asset limit and fuel price of the
account in the specified block.

The method call is as follows:

::

   BlockGetFeesResponse getFees(BlockGetFeesRequest);

The request parameter is shown in the following table:

+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+
| Parameter         | Type                | Description                |
+===================+=====================+============================+
| blockNumber       | Long                | Required, the height of    |
|                   |                     | the block to be queried    |
|                   |                     | must be greater than 0     |
+-------------------+---------------------+----------------------------+

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+------+-------------+
| Parameter | Type | Description |
+===========+======+=============+
| fees      | Fees | Fees        |
+-----------+------+-------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| Exception                 | Error Code | Description                        |
+===========================+============+====================================+
| INVALID_BLOCKNUMBER_ERROR | 11060      | BlockNumber must be greater than 0 |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR        | 12001      | Request parameter cannot be null   |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR      | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network   |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR              | 20000      | System error                       |
+---------------------------+------------+------------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Initialize request parameters
   BlockGetFeesRequest request = new BlockGetFeesRequest();
   request.setBlockNumber(629743L);

   // Call the getFees interface
   BlockGetFeesResponse response = sdk.getBlockService().getFees(request);
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(response.getResult(), true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

Fees
^^^^

The specific information of Fees is shown in the following table:

+-------------+------+-------------------------------------------------+
| Member      | Type | Description                                     |
+=============+======+=================================================+
| baseReserve | Long | Minimum asset limit for the account             |
+-------------+------+-------------------------------------------------+
| gasPrice    | Long | Transaction fuel price, unit MO, 1 BU = 10^8 MO |
+-------------+------+-------------------------------------------------+

getLatestFees
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The getLatestFees interface is used to obtain the minimum asset limit
and fuel price of the account in the latest block.

The method call is as follows:

::

   BlockGetLatestFeesResponse getLatestFees();

The response data is shown in the following table:

+-----------+------+-------------+
| Parameter | Type | Description |
+===========+======+=============+
| fees      | Fees | Fees        |
+-----------+------+-------------+

The error code is shown in the following table:

+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| Exception            | Error Code | Description                      |
+======================+============+==================================+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR | 11007      | Failed to connect to the network |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR         | 20000      | System error                     |
+----------------------+------------+----------------------------------+

The specific example is as follows:

::

   // Call the getLatestFees interface
   BlockGetLatestFeesResponse response = sdk.getBlockService().getLatestFees();
   if (response.getErrorCode() == 0) {
   System.out.println(JSON.toJSONString(response.getResult(), true));
   } else {
   System.out.println("error: " + response.getErrorDesc());
   }

Error Code
----------

The following table describes the error messages that may appear.

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Exception             | Error code            | Description           |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| ACCOUNT_CREATE_ERROR  | 11001                 | Failed to create the  |
|                       |                       | account               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_SOURCEADDRESS | 11002                 | Invalid sourceAddress |
| _ERROR                |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_DESTADDRESS_E | 11003                 | Invalid destAddress   |
| RROR                  |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_INITBALANCE_E | 11004                 | InitBalance must be   |
| RROR                  |                       | between 1 and         |
|                       |                       | Long.MAX_VALUE        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| SOURCEADDRESS_EQUAL_D | 11005                 | SourceAddress cannot  |
| ESTADDRESS_ERROR      |                       | be equal to           |
|                       |                       | destAddress           |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_ADDRESS_ERROR | 11006                 | Invalid address       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| CONNECTNETWORK_ERROR  | 11007                 | Failed to connect to  |
|                       |                       | the network           |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_ISSUE_AMOUNT_ | 11008                 | Amount of the token   |
| ERROR                 |                       | to be issued must be  |
|                       |                       | between 1 and         |
|                       |                       | Long.MAX_VALUE        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| NO_ASSET_ERROR        | 11009                 | The account does not  |
|                       |                       | have the asset        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| NO_METADATA_ERROR     | 11010                 | The account does not  |
|                       |                       | have the metadata     |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_DATAKEY_ERROR | 11011                 | The length of key     |
|                       |                       | must be between 1 and |
|                       |                       | 1024                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_DATAVALUE_ERR | 11012                 | The length of value   |
| OR                    |                       | must be between 0 and |
|                       |                       | 256000                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_DATAVERSION_E | 11013                 | The version must be   |
| RROR                  |                       | equal to or greater   |
|                       |                       | than 0                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_MASTERWEIGHT_ | 11015                 | MasterWeight must be  |
| ERROR                 |                       | between 0 and         |
|                       |                       | (Integer.MAX_VALUE \* |
|                       |                       | 2L + 1)               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_SIGNER_ADDRES | 11016                 | Invalid signer        |
| S_ERROR               |                       | address               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_SIGNER_WEIGHT | 11017                 | Signer weight must be |
| _ERROR                |                       | between 0 and         |
|                       |                       | (Integer.MAX_VALUE \* |
|                       |                       | 2L + 1)               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_TX_THRESHOLD_ | 11018                 | TxThreshold must be   |
| ERROR                 |                       | between 0 and         |
|                       |                       | Long.MAX_VALUE        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_OPERATION_TYP | 11019                 | Operation type must   |
| E_ERROR               |                       | be between 1 and 100  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_TYPE_THRESHOL | 11020                 | TypeThreshold must be |
| D_ERROR               |                       | between 0 and         |
|                       |                       | Long.MAX_VALUE        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_ASSET_CODE_ER | 11023                 | The length of key     |
| ROR                   |                       | must be between 1 and |
|                       |                       | 64                    |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_ASSET_AMOUNT_ | 11024                 | AssetAmount must be   |
| ERROR                 |                       | between 0 and         |
|                       |                       | Long.MAX_VALUE        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_BU_AMOUNT_ERR | 11026                 | BuAmount must be      |
| OR                    |                       | between 0 and         |
|                       |                       | Long.MAX_VALUE        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_ISSUER_ADDRES | 11027                 | Invalid issuer        |
| S_ERROR               |                       | address               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| NO_SUCH_TOKEN_ERROR   | 11030                 | No such token         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_TOKEN_NAME_ER | 11031                 | The length of token   |
| ROR                   |                       | name must be between  |
|                       |                       | 1 and 1024            |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_TOKEN_SIMBOL_ | 11032                 | The length of symbol  |
| ERROR                 |                       | must be between 1 and |
|                       |                       | 1024                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_TOKEN_DECIMAL | 11033                 | Decimals must be      |
| S_ERROR               |                       | between 0 and 8       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_TOKEN_TOTALSU | 11034                 | TotalSupply must be   |
| PPLY_ERROR            |                       | between 1 and         |
|                       |                       | Long.MAX_VALUE        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_TOKENOWNER_ER | 11035                 | Invalid token owner   |
| RPR                   |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_CONTRACTADDRE | 11037                 | Invalid contract      |
| SS_ERROR              |                       | address               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| CONTRACTADDRESS_NOT_C | 11038                 | contractAddress is    |
| ONTRACTACCOUNT_ERROR  |                       | not a contract        |
|                       |                       | account               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_TOKEN_AMOUNT_ | 11039                 | TokenAmount must be   |
| ERROR                 |                       | between 1 and         |
|                       |                       | Long.MAX_VALUE        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| SOURCEADDRESS_EQUAL_C | 11040                 | SourceAddress cannot  |
| ONTRACTADDRESS_ERROR  |                       | be equal to           |
|                       |                       | contractAddress       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_FROMADDRESS_E | 11041                 | Invalid fromAddress   |
| RROR                  |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| FROMADDRESS_EQUAL_DES | 11042                 | FromAddress cannot be |
| TADDRESS_ERROR        |                       | equal to destAddress  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_SPENDER_ERROR | 11043                 | Invalid spender       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| PAYLOAD_EMPTY_ERROR   | 11044                 | Payload cannot be     |
|                       |                       | empty                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_LOG_TOPIC_ERR | 11045                 | The length of one log |
| OR                    |                       | topic must be between |
|                       |                       | 1 and 128             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_LOG_DATA_ERRO | 11046                 | The length of one     |
| R                     |                       | piece of log data     |
|                       |                       | must be between 1 and |
|                       |                       | 1024                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_CONTRACT_TYPE | 11047                 | Invalid contract type |
| _ERROR                |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_NONCE_ERROR   | 11048                 | Nonce must be between |
|                       |                       | 1 and Long.MAX_VALUE  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_GASPRICE_ERRO | 11049                 | GasPrice must be      |
| R                     |                       | between 1000 and      |
|                       |                       | Long.MAX_VALUE        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_FEELIMIT_ERRO | 11050                 | FeeLimit must be      |
| R                     |                       | between 1 and         |
|                       |                       | Long.MAX_VALUE        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| OPERATIONS_EMPTY_ERRO | 11051                 | Operations cannot be  |
| R                     |                       | empty                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_CEILLEDGERSEQ | 11052                 | CeilLedgerSeq must be |
| _ERROR                |                       | equal to or greater   |
|                       |                       | than 0                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| OPERATIONS_ONE_ERROR  | 11053                 | One of the operations |
|                       |                       | cannot be resolved    |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_SIGNATURENUMB | 11054                 | SignagureNumber must  |
| ER_ERROR              |                       | be between 1 and      |
|                       |                       | Integer.MAX_VALUE     |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_HASH_ERROR    | 11055                 | Invalid transaction   |
|                       |                       | hash                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_BLOB_ERROR    | 11056                 | Invalid blob          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| PRIVATEKEY_NULL_ERROR | 11057                 | PrivateKeys cannot be |
|                       |                       | empty                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| PRIVATEKEY_ONE_ERROR  | 11058                 | One of privateKeys is |
|                       |                       | invalid               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| PUBLICKEY_NULL_ERROR  | 11061                 | PublicKey cannot be   |
|                       |                       | empty                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| URL_EMPTY_ERROR       | 11062                 | Url cannot be empty   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| CONTRACTADDRESS_CODE_ | 11063                 | ContractAddress and   |
| BOTH_NULL_ERROR       |                       | code cannot be empty  |
|                       |                       | at the same time      |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| INVALID_OPTTYPE_ERROR | 11064                 | OptType must be       |
|                       |                       | between 0 and 2       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| GET_ALLOWANCE_ERROR   | 11065                 | Failed to get         |
|                       |                       | allowance             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| GET_TOKEN_INFO_ERROR  | 11066                 | Failed to get the     |
|                       |                       | token info            |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| SIGNATURE_EMPTY_ERROR | 11067                 | The signatures cannot |
|                       |                       | be empty              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| REQUEST_NULL_ERROR    | 12001                 | Request parameter     |
|                       |                       | cannot be null        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| CONNECTN_BLOCKCHAIN_E | 19999                 | Failed to connect to  |
| RROR                  |                       | the blockchain        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| SYSTEM_ERROR          | 20000                 | System error          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
